hi good evening my name is Jim fanner
and this is the leather report it's an
interview show for kinky people produced
by kinky people and anyone out there who
might have some interest in this world
now to our our story tonight we this is
a piercing episode of the leather report
and we have the senior piercer from the
gauntlet inked cross welcome to the show
thank you a little nervous we always are
we do these things but anyway tell me
how does one become a professional
piercer I mean that's not something that
fit like in a college course that I know
of I mean how did you start I got my
start at gauntlet in the late 80s I
think I started there in 87 and I
started my apprenticeship after learning
how to make jewelry that's not a
prerequisite or anything like that just
a flow of things and I trained under Tom
Nylund and Jim Ward at the time when it
was very itty-bitty company one one
studio and small mail-order division and
I you know I really took a lot of time
and learning to perfect it I did go out
on my own for a while and now I'm back
but what was what was your first
piercing that I got yeah well that was
one below the belt I was wondering if
it's the final let's cross the first
pier think that would it be to the
signal wait why do people pierce
themselves I mean what I mean there's
obviously quite a history of piercing in
the human tribe I mean why do people
piss the bodies I think there's probably
as many people getting pierced as
reasons or reasons for example getting
pierced it could be anything from a rite
of passage a coupling a hand fasting
something that just looks cool how does
it have to match and it doesn't have to
mean anything and it can mean something
very deep to the individual but it is
it's pretty individual or why people are
getting pierced
I'm sure since you've done a lot of
piercings over the years I'm sure that
there's been have there been some
piercings that have been mostly things
like people have done them that have
been most unusual to you I don't think
anything's been really super unusual I
get to do interesting things I'm also an
ordained minister something I've done
legal weddings where we've actually the
wedding band has been a piercing uh-huh
so that's you know that's kind of
interesting it makes it serious doesn't
it the moms and dads are never pleased
well you know sometimes they aren't
anyway yeah there's you know I'm sure
there's probably some really outrageous
reasons I just don't know about yeah I'm
sure people are private sometimes
they're not going to share that with you
that information with you
okay so we're gonna use what we call
Pennington forceps these are basically I
don't know what they're used for in
surgery but we use them to clamp the
skin so what I'm gonna do is come in
kind of line this all up with your other
earring so we get the same angle on it
kind of check it all out and clamp your
ear and that's gonna hold the tissue for
me and allowing it to not move basically
okay um we can't have that old earlobe
flapping when you when you stick that
needle through me no and it also
protects me because it allows me to keep
my hands very far away then we're gonna
use a sterilized needle of the same
gauge of the jewelry that I'm using
maybe this will hold that needle out
there yeah pull it your hand down a
little bit there you go yeah I can't
really quite see it but yeah they're
against my skin all right there's the
needle that's gonna do my ear okay what
I normally do is a three count with
people and on to I have you breathe in
and on three yeah shake people over look
at the monitor there yeah they're just a
little clearance there yeah alright okay
alright I have to kind of get in here
first to see what I'm doing the lane
everything okay
okay ready okay so now or never I want
you to breathe in on two and out on
three one two and three
whew Santa Monica and Vine that's what I
always say when I get excited about
something I don't know what it is it's
just Santa Monica in line and all of a
sudden everything's okay okay maybe we
could go in there could we get in there
take a little little look at this this
oh there you go
yeah goes up your jewelry okay yeah I'm
just a real put here we're gonna be don
okay yeah that it's gonna go there cool
the fact that this closed bead jewelry
is interesting it's you need a little
device to sort of set it you to display
the the disturbance to open and close it
but the pressure holds the little bead
right in place that's why it's called a
captive captive bead exactly and there's
a little device that they sell that
allows you to do this but they're handy
because that way they don't fall out or
they really stay in and when you get the
smaller gauges you don't really need the
tools okay oh yeah that's very cool
that's it check it out my monitor
crystal yeah that's great yeah well I'll
have somebody to talk about the next
office party how did it hurt you know no
more so than going to the dentist and I
was just at the dentist I mean he
actually heard more I mean you know I
like my dentist but it's like that was
to be to be really honest going to the
dentist was more painful